
- Character Setup
	- Each player is given an item chosen by the DM to inherit at the beginning of the Campaign. These items have no immediate purpose or value, but prove to be important later in the campaign. Item pool is as follows:
		- Item 1: [lump of coal ]
			- If swallowed, this will replace target's will with pure evil
			- If broken, it will light a blue flame. If consumed, grants +2d8 permanent health.
		- Item 2: [Child’s Goblet]
			- When used occasionally, it slowly changes the user into another race
		- Item 3: [Quartz Earring]
			- Changes alignment to Chaotic Evil while wearing it.
			- If swallowed, target will die instantly.
		- Item 4: [Key necklace]
			- Can be used to lock any door or special entrance, but not unlock it.
		- Item 5: [Old Wood-Carved d6]
			- A d6 the character owns and has no numbers on it. Can be rolled once per short rest, and must be used BEFORE knowing the outcome of a role. Player rolls 1d6 to add to the current roll.

Room of treasures and traps
- A room in a dungeon, or cave, or even a series of them where there are pedestals that have treasures displayed on them without any protection, and if taken can activate certain traps. Each of these items on the pedestals need an arcana roll to determine what is does; There is no description or name for them on the pedestals.
- 1st trap
	- shoots a poison dart. Roll Perception to see if the player notices before it shoots them.
- 2nd trap
	- same as the first, but with an arrow
- 


### Items
- Powerful Items:
	- Shapeshifter’s Stone: A stone that when touched directly, changes you into a different version, or type of your race or a race that is somewhat related to it (perhaps even races that aren’t normally playable). E.g., a human could become a Tiefling; A Dragonborn to a Dragon Kin, or other reptilian race; an Orc to a Giant; A True Dragon to a Dragonborn. Animals would become animals that are similar; however, familiars, or summons are not affected by this stone, and can touch it directly without any change. This item is consumed on use.
	- Eye of the Familiar: A Quartz eye that replaces your real eye. It glows in the middle with an orange orb, and is used to summon a familiar (you get to choose one, and only one for this item’s entire lifetime i.e. no one else can change what familiar it summons, unless an ancient ritual is performed). The eye cannot be unbound from your real eye, unless you perform the same ancient ritual that resets the eye’s familiar. The familiar shares the user’s soul, and thus the user and familiar’s health is linked. A familiar can be summoned and unsummoned without limitation.
	- Gambler’s Coin: A magic coin that the user carries on them for luck. This coin is the coin of gamblers, and brings luck, or total disaster to the user. Famous gamblers and thieves of times past used this very coin as a talisman, and when they drew on its power, it brought them incredible victory, or devastating defeat. If a player so chooses, they can use this item to flip a coin for an ability check. If it lands on heads, the ability check counts as a natural 20; If it lands on tales, it’s a natural 1. Can be used 3 times per short rest.
	- Poor Man’s Purse; This very small coin purse looks like a normal coin purse, but taking a look inside, all you see is sand. Endless sand. So endless in fact that you can keep pouring sand out of it, and it never goes empty. The opening of the purse is just big enough to fit 4 human sized fingers inside.
	- Amulet of the Hydra: This amulet was used by elite solo assassin warriors to attack targets from multiple sides and angles at once, and to cover more ground while scouting new grounds with only one person. When activated, the player can choose to make between 1 and 6 copies of themself (making a total of 7 maximum including the original). Can be used once per long rest.
	- Amulet of Finesse: Spells that use attack roles now have finesse; OR all simple weapons have finesse; OR all martial weapons have finesse.
	- Vessel Ring of Holding: This ring has an opening under the red gem of 1/2 an inch in diameter and has inside it a 3ft3 separate relative dimension that has a rate of time at 2x the normal world’s time.
	- Nose ring of Poison: This nose ring can only be used once. This nose ring is hollow on the inside, and holds in it a liquid poison that kills in 1 hour. The nose ring has a perfect seal.
	- Eye of Truth: When attuned to this glass eye, the unseen world is revealed to you (User can see hidden/invisible objects, +3 bonus to “spot-hidden” roles)
	- Bracelet of Drunken Brawling: If the user is drunk, and breaks a chair in a fight, the chair will rebuild itself forcefully back together to a central point piece by piece. The pieces are drawn to the piece with the most physical resistance toward the central point (e.g. If a leg in in the user’s hand, and the rest are scattered on the floor, the pieces will rebuild from the piece in the user’s hand). An eligible chair is made of wood, has 4 legs, a seat, a back, and seats one average sized person or child of the user’s race.
	- [PERSON]’s Gold Tooth: When attuned to, the user has advantage on all luck roles.
	- Quartz Pocket Prison: A quartz crystal that can entraps beings who show aggression, and have under 200 health points.
	- Donkey’s Jawbone of Demons: If the wielder gives into the voices, great strength will be granted to them at the cost of their sanity. The user rolls for luck when initiating it’s ability, and the user’s granted +5 Str, +3 Intim, -5 Char, -3 Perc. To attempt to deactivate the ability, make a constitution saving throw. The inverse of the initial luck roll is the minimum of the constitution saving throw (5 luck = 15 Con save, 1 luck = 20 Con save, 20 luck = 1 Con save, etc.)
- Unhelpful Items
	- Gold Coin of Greed: for every long rest taken while having this coin, player must do a luck roll. If they fail, a spectral thief will take that gold coin, and half of the player’s money in the middle of the night (there is no defense against the thief).
- (Possible) Plot Items
	- Ring of Brom*: This ring can store within its sapphire energy that comes from the user. Myth says this ring has been secretly used by a few sorcerers to use as a fuel for magic without spending their own energy in the midst of battle. Could come in handy… The player can fill the perfect sapphire in this ring with any amount of energy from their health to store the energy for certain spells to be cast instantly (no player turn is taken) at any point later on. The ring will fit perfectly around anyone’s finger, and in its current state, the ring cannot be taken off. Requires attunement.
		- The Ring of Brom is an entity. The Sapphire contains the soul of Ranii, who can cast spells in his current form, but needs to be given health points to be used. If 100 points of health are transferred into the sapphire at once, it will awaken the unconscious mind inside the ring.
	- The Philosopher’s Stone*: The Philosopher’s Stone is a stone that seems to give eternal life (or at least very extended) to the people that wield it, and expand their mind more towards that of an eternal. Much more information can be stored within the wielder’s mind, and expands it to allow them to stay sane over the centuries, and even to a certain degree understand more of the concept of infinity. The wielder often changes in personality when first use It. It emanates a deep-red glow from the sapphire within. 
	- Carving of Nashtuu: This gives the wearer a different identity; assuming an entirely different personality, cognitive abilities, memories, and physical appearance. However, the abilities of this mask are limited to the mind, aesthetics and, to a small degree, physical abilities such as strength, physique, and height. This mask can make you slightly stronger or any amount weaker. The voice is changed as well.
	- Sword in the stone: A sword found with the blade inside a large stone. The blade has a few engravings on the blade, but is otherwise completely unremarkable, and is a normal sword. The only thing special about this sword is what the engravings say.


### Plot
- Main Plot Points
	- The Razanai; the extinct race of builders. Legend says that these builders made old temples, caverns, and even mountains. These builders built structures that became one with nature, but have now become lost, and no one can find them. Not much else is known about these builders. Some believe that these builders could speak things into existence. There are certain researchers that would pay top coin to anyone who will find a structure for them to research. Other people however don’t care at all about these builders. Some believe that these builders were real, but the stories are greatly exaggerated, while some believe they never existed at all.
	- You live on the continent of Jereath. In Jereath, there are several kingdoms. There is the [kingdom of the Humans (Largest)], [Tribe of the orcs], [Secret Creed of the Dragonborn], [Land of the Giants], [Forest of the Elves], [Kingdom of the Dwarves], and The Outerlands (wild).
	- 1000 years ago, there were several races. The race of dragons, the race of Azteks, and the race of Humans. There was a group of magic users who shared their knowledge and discoveries in magic. Eventually, a red dragon corrupted some of the magic users, and promised them more knowledge and power than they could imagine. These magic users while under the influence of the red dragon killed many of their own people. Some of the magic users were able to fight back, but struggled. This battle between the two sides was called The Great War of Resistance. As the Sorcerers became more powerful, The Resistance struggled to fight back. The Corruption was using magic to take over people’s minds to bring more sorcerers to their side, and started creating beasts to fight The Resistance. In retaliation, The Resistance created lands, and environments they could hide from The Corruption in; These lands became mountains and forests. The Resistance also created other creatures to counter the beasts, and to use their bodies as a sacrifice to satiate their hunger so they wouldn’t attack The Resistance. The Resistance and The Corruption couldn’t win over the other. For whatever power the Corruption gained, The Resistance outwitted them with new developments and discoveries. The Resistance, realizing nobody could win, decided to discover a way to seal The Corruption away. In their efforts, they discovered the only way they could seal The Corruption away was to rid the chance of corruption to begin in the first place. So to keep The Corruption from escaping, or happening again, they Used themselves to power the ritual that sealed The Corruption away. The only person that was left outside of the spell was the one that performed it. This was the most trusted person the Azteks knew. After he performed the ritual of sealing, he performed a ritual to turn himself into a perfect and unbreakable sapphire, so he could become immortal to be able to protect the world from The Corruption if and when it came back. To be able to protect the world, he needed to be able to cast spells and so was venerable to misuse because he needed to have an open-ended flow of magic and power to allow him to get energy to cast spells to protect the world. Before he performed the ritual, he tasked one of the mortal beings he created to keep his sapphire form. His faithful servant, with the help of his master, fashioned an unbreakable ring to hold the sapphire, so he couldn’t lose it. When the sorcerer’s servant was near death in his old age, he locked the sapphire in a monument to keep him from getting into the wrong hands, and to draw in certain people to be an avatar for him when The Corruption came back so he can protect the world. With the help of his master, he built the monument to co-exist in harmony with nature to disguise it from passersby. His servant created an entrance to the monument in case The Corruption somehow showed up again. The servant’s name was Brom, and his master’s name is Ronii
	- The creed of the Dragonborn helped The Resistance in The Great Imprisonment. The Dragon Belgabad personally knew Ranii, and created a creed of Dragonborn to help in the war, and to help watch over Ranii in his sapphire form, and to make sure he stays mentally okay, and doesn’t get corrupted through the wrong hands.
- Side Plot Points
	-  There is a vampire lord on the rise that is trying to gain power with his newfound abilities. He seeks to gain ultimate power, and make the world and the people in it his plaything. He first needs to research ancient ruins and methods to learn how to make his dreams a reality. His powers of Blood Magic and Dark Magic might be linked to The Corruption.
	- There is a secret clan of Dragonborns hidden all throughout the world simply called “The Creed.” Find out what their cause is, and if they can make trustworthy allies.
