After the party finds [[Ulfgar]] still unconscious, they travel south away from [[Memoria]], towards [[Affirmadia]], the icy, and mountainous area. On their way there, they see a farmer's land, barn, and animals. After mentioning dark magic to the farmer, he slams the door on them, saying he refuses to have anything to do with it, not being a magical family anyways. After asking an unhelpful horse if there are any magical healers around for Ulfgar, they travel onward south. 

On the way, they walk into a large, thick brush of woods filled with mist, with the trees blocking most light from coming in. The woods suddenly have a great many human people hanging from great heights of 60 ft, with ropes around their necks, and hanging dead on the tree branches, some with cloths over their heads, others decomposed with entrails spilling out of them; even a few that have degraded so much, they slipped from the ropes, and made a kind of sludge on the ground.
Terrified, the party tries to grab hold of their senses, and confirms the trees are able to be struck, and the bodies touched. After determining there to be no immediate threat, the party tries to go back the way they came. Instead of walking out, they continue finding more and more forest, this time with giant spiders curled around the very old spears that pin them to the trees; long lines of spiders marching through the woods come, but pay the party no mind; sounds of clashing, and war can be heard in the distance.

Thea notices 1 hp leave her, and enter her [[The Ring of Brom|ring]]. Thea gets the sense that the cause of this is somewhere nearby. [[Bjorn]] states that the ring is dreaming, causing all of this. Upon further inspection, Bjorn knowingly transfers 20 hp into the ring, causing the mist to clear. [[Rowan]] and [[Theodosia|Thea]] both put more of their health into the ring, giving it a pool of 50 health before the forest starts to get lighter, the bodies start disappearing, and the war noises stopping. After pressing onward, a small monument of white stone appears.
The monument is roughly 10 ft in diameter, and has mysterious engravings, and writings from another language no one knows.

After arriving at the monument, the party adds a last bit of health to it, and the forest parts, revealing a bright light that appears to be the way out. As they run through, Thea, and soon the rest of the party, notice that Bjorn is not among them. 

---
[[Echoes of Corruption]], 